Tic Tac Toe Game
Welcome to the Tic Tac Toe game! This is a simple and fun web-based implementation of the classic game, built with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.


Table of Contents

About the Project
Getting Started
Prerequisites
Installation
Usage
Features
Contributing
License
Contact
Acknowledgements

1.About the Project
This Tic Tac Toe game allows two players to compete against each other on a 3x3 grid. The first player to align three of their marks (either X or O) in a horizontal, vertical, or diagonal row wins the game.

2.Getting Started
To get a local copy up and running, follow these simple steps.

3.Prerequisites
You only need a web browser to run this project.

4.Installation
Clone the repo
sh
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/your_username/tic-tac-toe.git
Open the index.html file in your web browser to start the game.

5.Usage
~Players take turns clicking on the grid to place their marks (X or O).
~The game checks for a winner after each move.
~The game ends when one player aligns three marks in a row or when all grid cells are filled.
~Click "Reset Game" to reset the board and start a new game.

6.Features
(a)Interactive Gameplay: Clickable grid cells for intuitive game play.
(b)Winner Announcement: Displays a message announcing the winner.
(c)Reset Functionality: Easily reset the game board to play again.
(d)Responsive Design: Optimized for different screen sizes.

7.Contributing
Contributions are what make the open-source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are greatly appreciated.

(i)Fork the Project
(ii)Create your Feature Branch (git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature)
(iii)Commit your Changes (git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature')
(iv)Push to the Branch (git push origin feature/AmazingFeature)
(v)Open a Pull Request

License
Distributed under the MIT License. See LICENSE.txt for more information.

8.Contact
Anamika Jaiswal- anamikaj256@gmail.com

Project Link: https://github.com/anamikaj256/INTERN-PROJECT.git

9.Acknowledgements
Font Awesome
Favicon.io
Google Fonts
